Sc103415/test instructions (#27)
neofinancial/coverage-upload-action: README.md

```

These values are the % change in coverage for a particular metric and will be displayed in the `difference` column in the comment posted by the action.

## Contributing

1. Test your changes (see below)
1. Update the version in `package.json`
1. Update `CHANGELOG.md`
1. Commit your changes to github and open a pull request

### Testing

##### Testing changes you made to this repository

1. In build.yml make sure the `uses` clause in the `Upload coverage` step is set to `./`

> 1. Open a pull request / draft pull request to trigger this workflow run. The code on your branch will be ran for the `Upload coverage` step upon github actions running `build.yml`

Reviewer: Do we need to include anything about `coverageEndpoint` here that points to a ngrok tunnel where the service is running?

Author: good point! ill add that

> ##### Testing changes you made to this repository
> 
> 1. In build.yml make sure the `uses` clause in the `Upload coverage` step is set to `./`
> 1. Open a pull request / draft pull request to trigger this workflow run. The code on your branch will be ran for the `Upload coverage` step upon github actions running `build.yml`
> 
> #### Testing changes you made to another repository against this action
> 
> 1. In your repository that references this action, change your workflows code from
>  `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@v1` to `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@commit-hash` where the commit hash is the version of code you want to test against.
> 1. Run the workflow that references this action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Testing action changes directly

1. In [build.yml](./.github/workflows/build.yml#L30) set `Upload coverage` steps `uses` clause to `./`
1. Open a draft pull request, or Re-run the `Build` job on an existing pull request to start this workflow run, then check the `Upload coverage` steps output

#### Testing action against another repo

1. Change the repositories to this action (`Upload coverage` steps `uses`) to `neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@<commit-hash>` using the commit hash you wish to test
1. Rerun the workflow that references this action
```

> 1. Run the workflow that references this action.

Reviewer 3: I think it's important that it is the full commit hash, and not the [shortened version](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-01-21-github-actions-short-sha-deprecation/).

Author: ty

> 

Author: let me know from a diff perspective if this makes sense or could be grammatically ... better.

### Testing

##### Testing action changes directly

> 1. In [build.yml](./.github/workflows/build.yml#L30) set `Upload coverage` steps `uses` clause to `./`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. In [build.yml](./.github/workflows/build.yml#L30) set the `Upload coverage` step's `uses` clause to `./`
```

> 1. Open a pull request to run the `build` workflow. The code on your branch will be ran for the `Upload coverage` step upon github actions running. Check the `Upload coverage` steps output for more details about your run.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Open a pull request to run the `build` workflow. The code on your branch will be ran for the `Upload coverage` step upon github actions running. Check the `Upload coverage` step's output for more details about your run.
```

"Functions percent": "int"
"Branches percent": "int"
```

> These values are the % change in coverage for a particular metric and will be displayed in the `difference` column in the comment posted by the action.
> 
> 
> ## Contributing
> 
> 1. Test your changes (see below)
> 1. Update the version in `package.json`
> 1. Update `CHANGELOG.md`
> 1. Commit your changes to github and open a pull request
> 
> ### Testing
> 
> ##### Testing action changes directly
> 
> 1. In [build.yml](./.github/workflows/build.yml#L30) set the `Upload coverage` step's `uses` clause to `./`
> 1. Open a pull request to run the `build` workflow. The code on your branch will be ran for the `Upload coverage` step upon github actions running. Check the `Upload coverage` step's output for more details about your run.
> 
> #### Testing action against another repository
> 
> 1. In your repository that references this action, change your workflows code from
>  `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@v1` to `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@<commit-hash>` where the commit hash is the **full** commit hash you wish to test.
> 1. If your other repository is running a local server you want to test changes against, make sure you change the `coverageEndpoint` in `build.yml` to an ngrok url that points towards your local server.
> 1. Run the workflow that references this action.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
These values are the % change in coverage for a particular metric and will be displayed in the `difference` column in the comment posted by the action.

## Contributing

1. Test your changes (see below)
1. Update the version in `package.json`
1. Update `CHANGELOG.md`
1. Commit your changes and open a pull request

### Testing

##### Testing Action changes in this repo

1. In [build.yml](./.github/workflows/build.yml#L30) set the `Upload coverage` step's `uses` clause to `./`
1. Open a pull request to run the `build` workflow. The code on your branch will be run for the `Upload coverage` step. Check the `Upload coverage` step's output for more details about your run.

#### Testing Action against another repository

1. In your repository that references this action, change your workflow's code from
 `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@v1` to `uses: neofinancial/coverage-upload-action@<commit-hash>` where the commit hash is the **full** commit hash you wish to test.
1. If your other repository is running a local server you want to test changes against, make sure you change the `coverageEndpoint` in `build.yml` to an ngrok url that points towards your local server.
1. Run the workflow that references this action.

```

Reviewer 5: We should probably also mention the `ACTION_STEP_DEBUG` and `ACTION_RUNNER_DEBUG` settings

Author: Ticket to clean up logging and add debug already exists . will sent link to dx squad
